no but since our casting director has
swine flu I thought maybe you could read
Jacobs part with the girls I'm serious I
would love that
oh there he is Simon how are you I'm
ready to finally catch this thing Hey
Jonah's here what's happening wunderkind
oh you know just trying to wrap my head
around the fact that you are directing
my life you know like the major
out-of-body go home we're gonna write
down to Eastwood said so watch you guys
start without me I'll watch the tapes
you get a lot going on there can you
even read the script to all that yeah
you know it's just just me riffing I had
an idea I want to change the Halloween
scene to a Valentine's Day party the the
scene where Jacob and Rachel meet that's
that changes a lot it doesn't yeah but
nobody really wants to see Rachel in a
sumo costume do they let's get the girls
in here Jacob I think I know how to
change a flat tire and guess what
that's not it since when are you guys
gift to roadside emergencies since the
alternative seems to be standing here
waiting for the tire to magically pre
inflate itself
give me the jack oh my god you just
totally change that tire you're amazing
I love you now we'll actually make it to
tenacious d on time yeah just sort of
stepped out
how was that that's great thank you very
much
really well done thank you Wow
I mean that actually made my stomach
hurt agreed you know I why don't we
write that scene to the love thing isn't
just like a slip of the tongue oh but
that's kind of the whole point yeah but
it's not landing another girl's fault oh
okay
well I'm just gonna go out on a limb
here and say they weren't feeling it
because they can't act what are you
talking about wendy bledsoe the
second-to-last girl she's perfect I left
Simon I totally respect that you're the
director here it's just a character of
racial hosta just radiates warmth funny
and loving and she cares about other
people we have to find an actress with
her soul look when I'm sorry you know I
tried to give you a shot but you're off
the project